# Networking: Socket Key Match
## KSAT List
This question is intended to evaluate the following topics:
- A0019: Integrate functionality between multiple software components.
- A0018: Analyze a problem to formulate a software solution.
- S0030: Utilize bitwise operators to manipulate binary values.
- S0007: Skill in writing code in a currently supported programming language (e.g., Java, C++).
- S0096: Utilize the Socket library.

## Tasks
Implement the function `match_keys` that attempts to find a TCP web server's session key to decrypt messages using the 
provided host and port in `client.py`. When the correct key is found, `match_keys` returns the server's response 
message and the key used for decryption, respectively.

**PARAMETERS:**
- This function has no parameters

**RETURN:** Two values, the server success message and the key that was used to get the success message

- Iterate over the session_keys list.
- Create a connection to the server using the provided host and port number in `client.py`.
- Once connected, you will receive a message back from the server. ie. "SERVER>>> Connection successful".
- You will then receive a hex value from the server.
- You will need to "decrypt" that hex value by XOR'ing it with the appropriate key from the session_keys array.
- You will then send that "decrypted" value back to the server to see if it matches the hex value generated by the 
  server.
- If the server sends a success message containing the word "Success" return the server's message along with the 
  correct key respectively.

# Network Communication Map
Use this example for understanding the sequence that the Client/Server will communicate.

```text
CLIENT ----------------------> SERVER

CLIENT <---------------------- SERVER

 - SERVER: After a successful connection, the server will send "SERVER>>> Connection successful".

CLIENT <---------------------- SERVER

 - SERVER: In a separate communication, the server will send a hex string. 
   ex: 0xec8abd383c543df1f83592b165dbc86a

CLIENT ----------------------> SERVER

 - CLIENT: After decrypting, the client Will send back the decrypted key in hex format. 
   ex: 0xda48bd383cfd061f83592b16505e7a0

CLIENT <---------------------- SERVER

 - SERVER: Will send back one of two messages: 
   1. A message, containing "Success", indicating you selected the correct key.
   2. An error message indicating you did NOT select the correct key.
```

## Testing
To test your code, follow the [Run Python and Networking instructions](https://gitlab.com/90cos/cyv/cyber-capability-developer-ccd/ccd-master-question-file/-/blob/master/performance/exam_files/compile-instructions.md).
